- For patients who received a kidney transplantation,
- nearly 30% of them will experience some degree of organ rejection,
- which needs a biopsy for further examination.
- However, the risks of a kidney biopsy include bleeding and infection.
- More importantly, the cost per surgery ranges from $3,000 to $10,000,
- which is too high for ordinary families.
- Thus, a simple, safe, low-cost diagnostic method is required.
- According to literature,
- various RNA molecules in urine or blood have proven to serve
- as biomarkers for the diagnosis and prognosis of various diseases.
- Renal transplant rejection is no exception.
- Herein, we are developing a cell-free biosensor,
- which comprises a cell-free system,
- engineered DNA transcription templates
- and RNA-responsive CRISPR/Cas9 System.
- Once the sensor is exposed to specific RNA,
- hybridization between the RNA with the re-engineered gRNA
- occurs to releases the targeting region,
- leading to the binding between gRNA and its DNA target.
- Eventually, the suppression of deGFP get relieved,
- following by the increase of fluorescence intensity.
- All reagents will be mixed in PCR tubes,
- and visible outputs from deGFP can be produced after 16 hours.
- With an illuminator, the fluorescence outputs can be visualized by naked eyes.
- Consisting of LEDs, PCR tube holders, a light filter
- and a 3D printed case made of biodegradable Polylactic Acid,
- the illuminator is designed to be low-cost, recyclable and portable.
- Since the additional sequences of gRNA could be completely reprogrammed,
- the sensor has potential to detect various RNA biomarkers theoretically,
- which means other diseases that use RNA as a biomarker can be diagnosed as well.
- In conclusion, the application of our project is greatly expanded.